my name is Kristen and primarily
responsible for so the last a couple
years we've been open incorporate well
we also for the first time really
they'll turn a wing off
it was that 400 international right yeah
yeah
then we went to a 6-row John Deere and
now we're on a 16 row flight this
planter set up for no-till I've got Sun
coat rash whippers and Schaefer fresh
wheels and then the thing that I like to
do is try and make as few of passes in
the field as possible so on the wings we
have herbicide tanks so we can spray
herbicide through the field the front
tank is for 10:34 oh and so we put 10:34
on with the big tank is for nitrogen
dribble on our nitrogen behind we put it
on top we don't go two by two we put it
on top I'm Alan strogg this is my dad
Paul and we started farming in 48 I
started with him when I and probably one
of the biggest things is number one size
of the farm and number two right now
we're standing up until last year
I'm in agreement with ANCA we're working
on new stuff and this year we've
incorporated the liquid controls into
the planner monitor versus having
multiple monitors last year the way most
people do it and that's been a huge step
because that way when you turn the
planner on you're turning all your
liquids on and what it turns off it
turns off it's all integrated it knows
what rows you're planning the punches
are on we've had no trouble with it
talking to each other like when you have
multiple monitors you have to get one
monitor to talk to the other and that
was problematic last year to a certain
extent that's been a huge thing the one
thing that I would really like to see
and kogo in the future is I would like
to have airbags that were automatically
controlling my down pressure our soils
here quite variable in the field that
we're in right now is probably one of my
more consistent wheels as far as the
type of soil from one end
but I feels were at one corner the soil
is sandy the other corner it's very very
heavy and so when I set my down
pressures as soon as I Drive 10 feet in
wrong and there is technology by the
competitor to control that automatically
and that's what I'd like to go to next
year and start testing that in here too
and have that automatically control I
think make as far as he'll we're really
hurting ourselves with with too much
down pressure because no matter how you
said it
you're wrong as soon as you move and
this thing has been moving so fast who
knows what will happen the next year in
the next year but I think that I think
that we have finally come to Moore's law
which means that in 18 months it's twice
as powerful that happened the cost and
so if you're not ready to move you just
either get out of the way or England
here